Hey guys, welcome back.
In this video, we're going to go over
how to use the homepage of your Jupyter
account to make new notebooks,
rename them, reorganize them, and
share them with one another.
To get started,
I want you to go back to exactly where
we left off after the last video.
So, if we go back to our notebook here.
This is the interface for
our Exercise 2 notebook.
But if you want to go back
to your home directory where
all the notebooks are held,
click on the Jupyter icon right here.
When I click this, it brings me to
this page, which is my home directory.
And you'll see all of the notebooks for
the course are listed here,
all 12 of them.
And there's also an option here,
a notebook called Restore-my-notebook,
which I'll explain in a little bit.
So in this interface, if you click on
the box next to one of these notebooks,
you'll see that you have
a couple of different options.
You can duplicate it.
You can shut it down and
you can also get rid of it,
if you wanted to, which I don't suggest
doing, but you could, if you wanted to.
So if you press duplicate,
it'll ask you if you really
want to do that, and
you'll see that it made a copy here.
Then you could get rid of that copy.
Make sure you only have the one you
actually want to get rid of here.
And so, then you can press this little,
this button here and press Delete.
Now you'll see that these two notebooks
and this notebook are green or
have a green note next to them and
also have the word running next to them.
If you click on this Running tab,
it will list for
you all of the notebooks that
you currently have open.
So I opened some of these notebooks before
I started giving you this demo, and
so all of them are currently open.
It's a good idea for you, and for
the rest of your group of 100 and,
about 150 students and also for
our resources here at Duke for
you to shutdown your notebooks
when you're not using them.
It will save everything you've done.
So even if you don't clear the output,
it'll save the output, and
if you've cleared the output,
it will still save the queries you wrote
and save any of the cells you wrote.
So all you're doing when you're pressing
Shutdown is helping to preserve resources.
You're not going to lose any of the work.
So we'd really appreciate if when you're
not using your notebooks you shut
them down in between.
So the easiest way to do that is to go
to this Running tab and press Shutdown.
But I'll show you you can also
do it on the Files tab so
if I wanted to close this one,
I can click this check mark box and
I can say shutdown here as well, and
now you can see it's no longer running.
Another part of this screen that you
might find useful is over here and
you can actually create
your own notebooks.
So if you wanted to take some notes or
you wanted to try some new things and you
wanted to do it in a completely separate
notebook than the ones we've provided,
you can go over to here to New and
you could either create a text file,
if you wanted to keep notes that way,
or you can create your own notebook.
If you are going to create a new notebook,
choose the Python 3 option.
So let's go ahead and create a new one.
And it'll bring you to a screen like this,
you can change the title up here.
And you can add new cells as you like,
and again,
you would want to change this to
Markdown or Code as you see appropriate.
Let's go back to our home screen.
And let's go ahead and close down this
new notebook we just ran or we just made.
The other thing I'd like to
show you is this button here,
which is the Upload button.
So this is how you guys can share your
Jupyter notebooks with each other.
So if you click on Upload,
it will give you a navigation screen and
you can navigate to wherever you've
saved notebooks, and once you find one,
you can press Choose, and it will bring
it right into your home screen here.
So that will provide a great way for
you guys to work together.
The last thing I want to show you is
this Restore-my-notebooks notebook.
We've provided this because, if you
start playing around too much with your
notebooks, it is possible that you could
get yourself into a situation where you've
just added so many different things.
Or somehow you've gotten into a place
where your queries won't stop running and
everything seems to be crashing.
You can restore all of your notebooks
again, as if you were just starting for
the first time.
However, if you do that,
it will restore all of your notebooks,
not just one of them.
So if you click on Restore-my-notebooks,
it's actually going to bring you to
a new notebook and
you'll see the instructions here.
What you're going to do is
if you want to use this,
you're going to run this
line of code here, so
you would run the cell and then you
would run it by pressing this button.
But as it says here,
if you want to do this,
if you want to save any of your work from
the previous notebooks you were using,
you have to rename the notebooks otherwise
they're going to get overwritten.
So make sure you know how to do that.
You can do that using
the Rename button here.
And it would look like that.
Another thing that might be useful to you,
if you do start making a lot of your own
notebooks, is that you can make folders
within your home directory here.
This functionality is a little bit
cumbersome if you're not used to coding,
but I'll show you just in case
it would be useful to you.
So if you go to New,
you can click on Folder.
And it'll make a folder here.
You can then click to the left, click
on Rename, call it something different.
But then if you wanted to put any
of these notebooks into a folder,
it's a little bit cumbersome.
Click on Rename.
My goal is going to be to put this
notebook into My Practice Notebooks.
Click on Rename, and now what you have to
do is, you have to type in the name of
the folder before the name
of your notebook,
so My Practice Notebooks,
and then put a backslash.
Press OK, you'll see that my new
notebook is no longer there.
If I press on this folder,
there's my new notebook.
To get back to the home screen,
press this little house button, and
that brings you back to your home screen.
The last thing you need to know is
if you do decide to rename these
original notebooks that we've provided for
you with the course, you will not be
able to access them directly from
the link in the Coursera course website.
You'll have to go, they're two different
types of links in the Coursera website.
There's a link that allows you to go to
a specific lesson or a specific notebook.
And there's also a link that
let's you go to your homepage.
The link that goes to a specific
lesson will no longer work
if you change the name of that lesson.
But you can still go to the link
that goes to your homepage.
So make sure you remember that if you
do decide to rename these lessons for
some reason.
Well done.
You now know everything you need to
know about how to use Jupyter for
this course.
The next step is to go
the course materials and
click on the link to MySQL exercise one,
looking at your data.
I'll see you in the next video when you're
ready to learn how to use tera data.
Good luck and have fun.